kubernetes_master: introduce self-updating imageRepository (#1837)
epiphany-platform/epiphany: docs/home/howto/CLUSTER.md

    This will create the inventory for Ansible based on the component/machine definitions made inside the `newcluster.yml` and let Absible deploy it. Note that the `--no-infra` is important since it tells Epicli to skip the Terraform part. The `--offline-requirements` tells Epicli it is an airgapped installation and to use the  `/requirementsoutput/` requirements folder prepared in steps 1 and 2 as source for all requirements.

## How to create an Epiphany cluster using custom system repository and docker image registry

Epiphany has the ability to use external repository and image registry during `epicli apply ...` execution.

Custom urls need to be specified inside the `configuration/shared-config` document, for example:

```yaml
kind: configuration/shared-config
title: Shared configuration that will be visible to all roles
name: default
specification:
  custom_image_registry_address: "10.50.2.1:5000"

>   custom_repository_url: "http://10.50.2.1:8080/epirepo"

Author: I think this should answer your question https://github.com/epiphany-platform/epiphany/blob/develop/core/src/epicli/data/common/ansible/playbooks/roles/helm/defaults/main.yml#L6 :+1:

By default we use 80 and the tunnel, but if we set custom repo this port can be any number and  it's later used across the whole ansible codebase. :innocent:

>   custom_repository_url: "http://10.50.2.1:8080/epirepo"

Reviewer: Thanks 👍

  use_ha_control_plane: true
  promote_to_ha: false
```

The repository and image registry implementation must be compatible with already existing ansible code:

> - the repository data (apt or yum packages) is served from Apache2 HTTP server exactly as structured in the offline package

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- the repository data (including apt or yum repository) is served from HTTP server and structured exactly as in the offline package
```

> - the image registry data is loaded into and served from standard docker registry implementation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- the image registry data is loaded into and served from standard Docker registry implementation
```
